live for us now in Rafa in southern Gaza
good morning Hanny uh what more do we
know about these ongoing or recent
strikes certainly and the
aftermath yes well so far the reports
that we're getting from a nsat refugee
camp particularly from the northern part
that's an area between waza and aat
refugee camp this is a new camp as it is
expanding as people numb is in has
increased within the past years but this
is the new block of a n refugee camp uh
ongoing artillery shelling air strikes
and and and and constant uh sh shots
heard by the quadcopter these are attack
drones in the area and most of the
people who injured uh in these attacks
are transferred to Ala hospital that's
the other side of the refugee camp and
nor refugee camp it's a small health
facilities and the reason when we did
ask about why people are being
transferred to this small health
facility is because the road all the way
to alaka hospital in D B city is quite
dangerous there's a risk for thei the
civil defense crew members and the
paramedics to drive all the way from
this particular area from a refugee camp
all the way to city but so far we're
looking at five people have been killed
inside the residential homes inside
evacuation Center that's aluba school
that's an honor School managed and
operated by the United Nations for
Palestinians uh refugees more of the
infrastructure and the public facility
we started to see based on on what we
hear from Iron Witnesses a pattern of
what happened in the city of kanun where
the Israeli military withdrew within the
past week leaving behind a sheer level
of Destruction to all means of life
including public facilities
infrastructure residential homes
including close to eight facilities
managed and operated by Ona in the city
of KH units particularly the healthc
care sectors that has been destroyed
Beyond anyone can imagine meanwhile in
the northern part and Gaza City the
Israeli military continues to pound
across the northern part and Gaza City
the popular Market that was targeted
more reports of many injuries and also a
the attack on a law enforcement officer
who worked within the past weeks to
secure the delivery of Aid to uh uh to
the population in the northern part and
Gaza City he's also the director of
jabalia police department the Israeli
military issued a statement saying they
targeted killing Hamas operative but
what we hear from people on the ground
that he's a a law enforcement officer
who's been working on securing the
delivery of Aid coordinating effort with
Gaza based Clans to continue delivering
Aid and in terms in terms of delivering
Aid what is coming into the region
honey
so far it is less than what what one
would imagine to to help people combat
the extreme difficult living conditions
they created not only by the ongoing
intense bombing campaign but also by the
ongoing obstruction and restrictions on
the ground uh to deliver Aid to the nor
part in Gaza City so far we're looking
at two parts of the strip that have been
divided we have overcrowded Rafa City
where there's depletion of resources and
and BAS supplies and a famine that is
Raging in the nor part in Gaza City 30
people have died because of the enforced
dehydration and starvation the Israeli
military announced uh 500 trucks will be
would be allowed to enter the Gaza STP
but so far this is only a drop in the
ocean of the greater needs right now
that people are experiencing from the
other side of the Border are is the
crossing particularly in which the
Israeli military insist that it's it's
going to be open it's going to deliver
and see more trucks here into Gaza but
based on a a statement issued by UNICEF
stating that they haven't seen any AED
trucks or humanitarian trucks coming
into G from the landed Crossings the
Israeli military announced it will be
particularly used for more a trucks to
get into Gaza K Mahmud there for us uh
in southern Gaza thank you